## **List of Social Science Questions**

Recommendation **:** 【Philosophy】 [My Questions and Principles](https://jb243.github.io/0482-01-01-0482.html), 【Tistory】 [for Korean Reader](https://nate9389.tistory.com/307)

---

1. [Economy](#1-economy)

2. [Society](#2-society)

3. [Law](#3-law)

---

§ Resolved subjects are displayed lightly.

§ They can be used as a list of research topics, invention topics, and interview questions.

§ Last update **:** 22.10.08 

---

<br>

## **1\. Economy**

#### **1.1. Microeconomics**

> ○ What is the functional relationship between the number of employees of a company and the company's market value?

> ○ How low is the efficiency predicted by game theory compared to the efficiency predicted by calculus?

> ○ Can the Nash equilibrium break due to human mistake be explained within the Nash equilibrium?

<br>

#### **1.2. Macroeconomics**

> ○ Is it advantageous for the government to disclose information to the public or hide it?

>> **➜ As can be seen from the central bank's policy game, the best results can be obtained if the government maintains its policy consistently and gains the trust of economic actors. Therefore, the people's right to know must be protected.**

> ○ If a country reduces taxes on companies, will trickle-down effect be delivered to the people? If so, at what level of tax is the trickle-down effect maximized?

> ○ According to Milton Fiedman's quantity theory of money (QTM), the cause of inflation is only a monetary illusion caused by a sharp increase in the amount of money. However, there is a rebuttal that the velocity of money, an important assumption of QTM, has not been established since 1980s. What is right?

> ○ Power Distribution**:** Can we expect the size of the economy of the industry from the income of the highest earners?  

<br>

#### **1.3. Economic history**

> ○ Is population growth constrained by land according to Malthusian theory?

>> **➜ According to the law of increasing returns of scale, population growth promotes technological development, increasing the output of land exponentially, thereby eliminating practical land constraints. Therefore, population growth is not constrained by land.**

> ○ The increase in per capita GDP or an amount of knowledge can be divided into two periods. The early phase of linear growth is known to have been driven by the Renaissance (1455-1517), and the late phase of exponential growth is known to have been driven by the Industrial Revolution (1776-1815). What drives the economy in 20 years?

> ○ What jobs were prestigious 100 years ago? And what jobs are being prestigious for each country?

<br>

#### **1.4. Economic philisophy**

> ○ Why are the areas where money is earned limited even if there are so many different human activities? Currently, the fields are found especially in automobiles, IT devices, oil, drugs, food, cosmetics, etc.

>> ➜ **Opportunity cost means the most valuable thing that you have given up for a choice. The reason why economics uses the concept of opportunity cost is because the idea that I'm doing this for this little money inhibits the industry. Obviously, all people's activities will have similar economic importance if they develop to a high level, but because of the logic of comparative advantage by opportunity cost, investment or development is focused on only areas that prosper at the moment.** 

> ○ Wouldn't capitalism gives each individual a considerable degree of freedom so that society can have more information and technology? On the other hand, could socialism not accumulate information in society due to minority decisions?

> ○ The application of the theory of evolution at the national level is social evolution, but can't evolution be applied to jobs similarly? It is related to the fact that people's activities are quite diverse, but there are limited lucrative areas.

> ○ Should the robot tax be introduced in an era where robots replace a significant portion of the workoforce?

> ○ Is capitalism still superior to socialism in an era where robots replace a significant portion of the labor force?

<br>
<br>

## **2\. Society**

#### **2.1. Justice**

> ○ Should minorities be given preferential treatment? And can minority preferential policies be supported according to market principles?


<br>

#### **2.2. Language**

> ○ What type of power distribution appears in language and why does it appear?

>> ➜ **The power distribution appears in the frequency of a specific word, the frequency of a specific spelling, and the frequency of etymologies shared by the words, and I have actually confirmed the power distribution in an experiment on the etymology cluster. The reason for the power distribution is that only the used words are used continuously, so it can be regarded as a kind of rich-get-richer and poor-get-poorer phenomenon, and it is a tendency to be observed throughout society, economy, and culture.**

> ○ Do words with similar sounds have similar meanings?

<br>

#### **2.3. Population**

> ○ Are the development of technology and the decline of birth rate interrelated?

> ○ Are various problems in Korea, such as the low birth rate, due to the fact that technology maturation was too fast than political and social maturation?

> ○ Why is it that the closer people are to the power, the less likely people have many children?

> ○ In light of the declining population trend, is the prospect of the job as an educator promising?

> ○ What are the new markets for the silver industry?

<br>

#### **2.4. Gender**

> ○ Why do men have short hair and women have long hair?

>> ➜ **According to Oriental Confucianism, men once had long hair because they cherished the body as it came from their parents. On the other hand, in the West, men's hair was inevitably short due to frequent wars, and it is believed that these Western customs have spread in modern times.**

> ○ Are fewer women successful at a late age? If so, is it because society forces women to be young?

> ○ Is dating or marriage market a competitive market or monopolistic market?

> ○ Was a slim body preferred even in primitive times when food was scarce? Admittedly, it is said that even babies have a relatively constant standard of beauty.

> ○ Is it related to veneral disease that has historically emphasized fidelity and purity? As if the reason for drinking hot water in China was related to cholera.

<br>

#### **2.5. Psychology**

> ○ Does excessive informatization make the people unhappy? For example, SNS can increase inferiority complex and fake news can make further problems.

> ○ When taking a test (especially an English test), is the score generally high at the beginning (due to luck or high tension) and the score drops temporarily and then goes up again (due to academic progress)?

> ○ Why do people prefer the end of subway seats?

> ○ Human beliefs are multidimensional, not one-dimensional. Wouldn't it be possible to know how many types of strong beliefs there are if you know the proportion of high-ranking political participants?

<br>
<br>

## **3\. Law**

> Is it reasonable to judge the court's interpretation as unconstitutional while leaving the provisions of the law intact?

> ○ According to Gödel's theorem of imperfection, there is always an error in a formal system. Then, what errors are in the constitutional law?

> ○ Is the law able to handle all situations?

<br>

---

<br>

Input: 2022.06.08 00:18
