## **List of History Questions**

Recommendation **:** 【Philosophy】 [My Questions and Principles](https://jb243.github.io/0482-01-01-0482.html), 【Tistory】 [for Korean Reader](https://nate9389.tistory.com/507)

---

1. [Overall](#1-overall)

2. [Korean History](#2-korean-history)

---

§ Resolved subjects are displayed lightly.

§ They can be used as a list of research topics, invention topics, and interview questions. 

---

<br>

## **1\. Overall**

> ○ Social science and history have diversified concepts (_e.g._, politics, society, culture, economy, science, etc.), and are not clear at all (_e.g._, there are many overlapping concepts in the different flow of events and even ambiguous concepts for which extra category should be prepared). On the other hand, mathematics has a very tight and systematic monolithic development method. To account for the difference, which of the following three reasons is most relevant: 1) the fact that the information is fundamentally different, 2) the diversity of people, and 3) the free will.

> ○ Since the knowledge transferred to the people is increasing, isn't history continuing to advance? Why did socialism fail when it had historical materialism which also contains a concept of continuous development of history?

> ○ Will humanity survive a thousand years later?

> ○ Technological advances will not last forever, but how can a society without technological advances achieve innovation?

> ○ What can hold people's hearts today when religion and widespread war have disappeared?

> ○ Who will rule the people in an age without a king?

> ○ Is a low birth rate the path that all developed countries should take?

> ○ If a country colonizes, is the colony always eventually independent of its home country?

<br>
<br>

## **2\. Korean History**

> ○ What is the reason for the rapid growth of the Republic of Korea? **The initial rapid growth was due to 1) the policy centered on conglomerates that started with Lee Seung Man's government, 2) the fact that when labor costs were low, it had 3 boons, and 3) the Korean's sentinent that had been concentrated on the war during the past 5000 years and was focused purely on the economic growth. The late rapid growth was due to 1) the special interest of semiconductors, 2) the specificity of the Korean people without invasion, _i.e._ the nature of good people, and 3) the geopolitical specificity. Currently, South Korea is experiencing the richest point in its history.**

> ○ Is the history of democratization in South Korea due to the increased purchasing power of the people? **Considering the fact that the uprising continued even in Korea's poorest moments, it is right to regard it as a characteristic of many Koreans.**

> ○ Korea has been very enthusiastic about education since ancient times. Is the reason of Korea's enthusiasim about education that it tries to raise its status from within rather than from without such as through war or invasion?

<br>

---

<br>

Input: 2022.06.08 00:38
