## **Famous Phrase**

Recommendation **:** 【Philosophy】 [My Questions and Principles](https://jb243.github.io/0482-01-01-0482.html)

---

<br>

## **1. SUCCESS**

○ Gary Player

> ○ The harder I work, the luckier I get.

○ Nelson Mandela

> ○ There is no passion to be found playing small and settling for a life that's less than the one  you're capable of living.

○ Steve Jobs

> ○ Keep looking. Don't settle.

> ○ Don't waste your time living someone else's life.

> ○ Don't be trapped by dogma - which is living with the results of other people's thinking.

> ○ Stay hungry, stay foolish.

○ Jeff Bezos

> ○ Big things start small.

○ Donald Trump

> ○ Treat the word 'impossible' as nothing more than motivation.

> ○ Nothing worth doing ever, ever, ever came easy.

> ○ We don't worship goverment, we worship God.

> ○ Pray to God, and follow his teachings.

> ○ The more righteous your fight, the more opposition that you will face.

> ○ Never stop fighting for what you believe in and for the people who care about you.

> ○ Relish the opportunity to be an outsider.

○ Elon Musk(Elon Musk)

> ○ No I don't ever give up. I'd have to be dead or completely incapacitated.

> ○ Who won the patent war between Apple and Samsung?- Attorneys.

> ○ You want to wake up in the morning and think the future is going to be great.

> ○ And that's what being a spacefaring civilization is all about.

> ○ It's about believing in the future and thinking that the future will be better than the past.

> ○ And I can't think of anything more exciting than going out there and being among the stars.

○ Annie Sindbad's Adventures

> ○ Don't invade, and don't allow them invade.

○ Harvey Dent

> ○ Will you die quickly and become a hero; or become a villain and live long?

○ Albert Einstein

> ○ Genius consists of 1% inspiration and 99% effort.

○

> ○ Be famous for now. Then people will applaud you even if you poo on the street.

<br>
<br>

## **2. Politics**

○ Joseph De Maestre

> ○ Every citizen has a government at that level.

○ Pindaros

> ○ War is sweet for those who have not experienced it.

<br>
<br>
 

## **3. Science**

○ Galileo Galilei

> ○ Nature is the language of mathematics.

○ Albert Einstein

> ○ Thinking is an end in itself. Just like music.

○ Bill Nye

> ○ Science is the key to our future.
  
<br>
<br>
  

## **4. Philosophy**

○ Carl Jaspers

> ○ Technology transcends good and evil.

○

> ○ Art is long and life is short.

> ○ Know yourself.

<br>
<br>


## **5. Marriage**

○ Daniel Lindeman

> ○ Marriage is a beautiful grave.

○ Charles Bodleiz

> My wife is dead. I'm free!

<br>

---

<br>

Input: 2022.04.05 17:06
